gh-142379: configure.ac: detect unusable termio operations (#142380)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Build/2025-12-07-15-06-37.gh-issue-142379.7vvmGc.rst

> Some termio operations are not actually usable on some architectures. For

Reviewer: ```rst
Fix build failures due to unsupported termios operations on some architectures such as alpha, hppa and sparc64 since glibc 2.42.
```

I am on mobile so please reflow this suggestion under 80 chars and possibly link to the manpage of termios if it exists (you can mention the constants as well). To link to a manpage use the `:manpage:` role in Sphinx.

Author: Fixed!

> Some termio operations are not actually usable on some

Reviewer: Why is the NEWS entry still long? I think you overwrote your change.

architectures. For example, the TCGETA, TCSETA, TCSETAF and TCSETAW
are defined with a reference to "struct termio" on alpha, hppa and
sparc64, but "struct termio" is no longer defined since glibc 2.42,
causing a build failure.

Instead of using those operations as soon as they are defined, this

> commit checks more carefully that they are actually usable. This is

Reviewer 2: We usually don't refer to commits in the Changelog.

```suggestion
Instead of using those operations as soon as they are defined,
check more carefully that they are actually usable. This is
```

Author: Thanks @vstinner for the review! Fixed.
